Experimental workgraph - Phase 4 (#2288)
HansKristian-Work/vkd3d-proton: docs/workgraphs.md

It's clear that native D3D12 drivers don't even try to optimize ExecuteIndirect at all :)
Still, the ExecuteIndirect pattern of this demo makes EI look as bad as possible.

### NVIDIA work graph example

[This demo](https://github.com/NVIDIAGameWorks/donut_examples/blob/main/examples/work_graphs/)
is another spin on the classic tile-deferred renderer.
It's a little more realistic since the binner and classifier is emitting to Wave32 broadcast nodes,
where each node is specialized in working on a specific material type. It's not using MaxDispatchGrid either,
which should make scheduling very simple to deal with.

#### RTX 4070 (native)

GPU performance is extremely similar between workgraphs and plain compute. However, this is slightly concerning,
since the compute shading path is [quite inefficient](https://github.com/NVIDIAGameWorks/donut_examples/blob/main/examples/work_graphs/deferred_shading.hlsl).

> It evaluates the materials in a big switch block, where the workgraph path can execute straight forward code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It evaluates the materials in a big switch block, where the workgraph path can execute straightforward code.
```

Author: I'm not particularly interested in drive by grammar review here.
